	Meqaris (Meeting Equipment and Room Invitation System)

			User's Manual
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

To get simple help on the command line, run

	meqaris --help

Meqaris uses an INI file to hold the primary configuration, like database
 access settings, and a PostgreSQL database to hold the meeting resources
 (rooms and equipment), the booked meetings/events and some of the
 configuration.

To override the default configuration file path, use the --conf parameter,
 passing the full path to the configuration file:

	meqaris --conf /path/to/meqaris.ini

You can pass this parameter to each of the commands Meqaris supports.

To check if the configuration file is correct, you can run the

	meqaris --status

command. It should eventually display something similar to:

	Configuration file '/path/to/meqaris.ini': OK
	Data directory: '/path/to/meqaris/data': OK
	Database connection: OK
	Database version: OK

Each database modification action causes Meqaris to check if the database
 version is the version expected by the application. If not, the required
 database upgrade scripts are run. You can also perform the database upgrade
 manually by running the

	meqaris --upgrade-db

command and check the status afterwards.

To begin booking meeting resources, you need to create those resources in the
 Meqaris system. To do that, use the --create parameter:

	meqaris --create 'Room 100' --description 'Room 100, first floor'
		--email 'room100@yourdomain'

	meqaris --create 'Projector HD 1' --description 'Mobile HD projector'
		--email 'hdproj1@yourdomain'

	meqaris --create 'Teleconference set X-2'
		--description 'Teleconference set: TV + speaker + microphone'
		--email 'telco_set_x2@yourdomain'

The name (after the --create parameter) is required. The description is
 optional and is just for users. The e-mail address is also required,
 otherwise the resource wouldn't "know" that the invitation is meant for it.

Once resources are added, you can start booking them - just send your
 invitations with the resources' configured e-mail addresses just like you
 would send invitations to other meeting participants.

To later modify the resource, if needed, use the --update parameter, passing
 the name of the resource to modify and the new parameters:

	meqaris --update 'Teleconference set X-2'
		--name 'Teleconference set X-3'
		--description 'Teleconference set: HDTV + 2 speakers + mic'
		--email 'telco_set_x3@yourdomain'

To temporarily disable a resource from being booked, run

	meqaris --disable 'Room 100'

To re-enable a temporarily-disabled resource to be allowed to be booked
 again, run

	meqaris --enable 'Room 100'

To permanently delete a resource, run

	meqaris --delete 'Room 100'

After this, you need to re-create the resource in order to use it again.
 Resources which have meetings booked (even past) cannot be deleted right now.

To completely delete the Meqaris data and database structures in the
 database, run

	meqaris --destroy-db

The database structures will be re-created by Meqaris upon receiving the
 first invitation or the first command that modifies the database (except
 '--destroy-db'), which includes running

	meqaris --upgrade-db

Finally,

	meqaris --license
	meqaris --licence

displays Meqaris license information, and

	meqaris --version

displays Meqaris version information.

You can use the provided 'scripts/mkdump.sh' script to make a database backup
 which can later be restored using the 'scripts/restoredb.sh' script.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Troubleshooting
---------------

If you get errors similar to:

	Can't locate X in @INC (you may need to install the X module)

then make sure that all the required Perl modules and their dependencies are
 installed. If you installed them in non-standard locations, you may need to
 run Meqaris by using the 'perl' command and pass the required paths in the
 '-I' parameter, e.g.

    perl -I /path/to/perl/modules /path/to/meqaris --conf /path/to/meqaris.ini

If the --status command displays something like:

	Configuration file '/path/to/meqaris.ini': OK
	Data directory: '/path/to/meqaris/data': OK
	Database connection: ERROR: cannot connect: connection to server at
	 "127.0.0.1", port 5432 failed: Connection refused
         Is the server running on that host and accepting TCP/IP connections?

then check:
 - if the database connection parameters in the INI file are correct,
 - if the database is actually running

If you send e-mail invitation to Meqaris, but don't get a response, then:
 - check your mail server configuration if the invitations are properly
   passed to Meqaris
 - check your mail server logs if the invitations were in fact sent to Meqaris
 - save your e-mail to a text file, send it to Meqaris by hand:

	meqaris --conf /path/to/meqaris.ini < your_mail.eml

   and examine the output.
